---
title: Terms and Disclaimers
subtitle: Terms and Disclaimers
description: The Honeybee Podcast Terms and Disclaimers

---
# Financial Disclaimer

## The Common Sense Disclaimer

Futures, options, and forex are leveraged instruments, and you can blow out your account.  
The content on this website is for educational purposes  
We aren't investment advisors and aren't trying to sell you securities  
You're responsible for your personal finance and financial education, investments, and all related financial decisions and actions-- both gains and losses  
There is a very high degree of risk involved in trading, your personal finance and financial education, investments, and all related financial decisions and actions.

Past results are not indicative of future returns. Honeybee Podcast and all individuals affiliated with this site assume no responsibilities for your your personal finance and financial education, investments, and all related financial decisions and actions, and investment results. The indicators, strategies, columns, articles and all other features are for educational purposes only and should not be construed as investment advice.

Information for futures trading observations are obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy, or warrant any results from the use of the information.

Information for your personal finance and financial education, investments, and all related financial decisions and actions are meant for EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND ARE NOT TO BE CONSTRUED AS FINANCIAL ADVICE.

Your use of the trading observations or any educational material on the Honeybee Podcast and its affiliates is entirely at your own risk and it is your sole responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness and usefulness of the information.

You must assess the risk of any trade with your broker and make your own independent decisions regarding any securities mentioned herein.

Affiliates of Honeybee Podcast may have a position or effect transactions in the securities described herein (or options thereon) and/or otherwise employ trading strategies or any personal financial advice or strategies that may be consistent or inconsistent with the provided educational content shared on the Honeybee Podcast.

Trading Futures, Options on Futures, and retail off-exchange foreign currency transactions involves substantial risk of loss and is not suitable for all investors. You should carefully consider whether trading is suitable for you in light of your circumstances, knowledge, and financial resources. You may lose all or more of your initial investment. Opinions, market data, and recommendations are subject to change at any time.

**Honeybee Podcast is not an investment advisory service, is not an investment adviser, and does not provide personalized financial advice or act as a financial advisor.** **Honeybee Podcast exists for educational purposes only, and the materials and information contained herein are for general informational purposes only.**

**None of the information provided in the website is intended as investment, tax, accounting or legal advice, as an offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell, or as an endorsement, recommendation or sponsorship of any company, security, or fund.**

**The information on the website should not be relied upon for purposes of transacting securities or other investments. You hereby understand and agree that Honeybee Podcast does not offer or provide tax, legal or investment advice and that you are responsible for consulting tax, legal, or financial professionals before acting on any information provided herein.**

All persons and entities (including their representatives, agents, and affiliates) contributing to the content on this website are not providing investment or legal advice. Nor are they making recommendations with respect to the advisability of investing in, purchasing or selling securities, nor are they rendering any advice on the basis of the specific investment situation of any particular person or entity. All information on this website is strictly informational and is not to be construed as advocating, promoting or advertising registered or unregistered investments of any kind whatsoever. The information provided on this website is provided “as-is” and is not guaranteed to be correct, complete, or current. The sole purpose of this website (including, but not limited to, the contents of this website and any oral or written presentation made in any way referring to or relating to this website) is to provide information which could possibly be used by a person or entity in discussions with his/her/its investment advisors and/or investment decision makers and does not function as a substitute for the advice of an investment advisor. You should consult with your own trusted financial professionals before making any investment, trading, or financial decisions.

Honeybee Podcast is not responsible for the accuracy of any information on this website or for reviewing the contents of the listings that are provided by the listees or any linked websites, and Honeybee Podcast is not responsible for any material or information contained in the linked websites or provided by listees. Honeybee Podcast makes no warranty, express or implied, about the accuracy or reliability of the information on this website or on any other website to which this website is linked. Your use of this website is at your own risk. In addition, if you use any links to other websites, you do so at your own risk and understand that such linked website is independent from Honeybee Podcast. Honeybee Podcast does not endorse such linked websites and is not responsible for the contents or availability of such linked websites. These links are provided only as a convenience to you. Honeybee Podcast is not responsible for any loss, injury, claim, liability, or damage related to your use of this website or any website linked to this website, whether from errors or omissions in the content of our website or any other linked websites (e.g., injury resulting from the website being down or from any other use of the website).

Any information that you send to us in an e-mail message is not confidential or privileged, and Honeybee Podcast may use any information legally provided to us for any legal purpose.

Owners, employees, agents or representatives of Honeybee Podcast may have interests or positions in securities of the company profiled herein. Specifically, such individuals or entities may buy or sell positions, and may or many not follow the information provided on this website.

Some or all of the positions may have been acquired prior to the publication of such information on the website, and such positions may increase or decrease at any time. Any opinions expressed and/or information on this website are statements of judgment as of the date of publication /or/ circulation on the website, and such opinions and/or information are subject to change without further notice. Any such change may not necessarily be made available immediately on this website or elsewhere. None of the materials or advertisements herein constitute offers or solicitations to purchase or sell securities of the company profiled herein.

Day trading, short term trading, options trading, and futures trading are extremely risky undertakings. They generally are not appropriate for someone with limited capital, little or no trading experience, and/ or a low tolerance for risk. Never execute a trade unless you can afford to and are prepared to lose your entire investment. All trading operations involve serious risks, and you can lose your entire investment.

In addition, certain trades may result in a loss greater than your entire investment. Always perform your own due diligence and, as appropriate, make informed decisions with the help of a licensed financial professional. Honeybee Podcast makes no warranties or guarantees as to our accuracy, the profitability of any trades which are discussed, or any other guarantees or warranties of any kind. You should make your own independent investigation and evaluation of any possible investment or investment advice being considered.

Commissions, fees and other costs associated with investing or trading may vary from broker to broker. You should speak with your broker about these costs. Be aware that certain trades that may be profitable for some may not be profitable for you, after taking into account these costs. You should also be aware that, in certain markets, you may not always be able to buy or sell a position at the price I discuss. Thus, you may not be able to take advantage of certain trades discussed herein.

# General Disclaimer

This investment blog (the “Blog”) is created and authored by Honeybee Podcast and its creators (the “Content Creator”) and is published and provided for informational and entertainment purposes only (collectively, the “Blog Service”), The information in the Blog constitutes the Content Creator, its affiliates, its partners, and its third-party contributors and sponsors’s own opinions. None of the information contained in the Blog constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person. 

You understand that the Content Creator, its affiliates, its partners, and its third-party contributors and sponsors is not advising, and will not advise you personally concerning the nature, potential, value or suitability of any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, investment strategy or other matter. To the extent any of the information contained in the Blog, Podcast, and any material (digital or physical) may be deemed to be investment advice, such information is impersonal and not tailored to the investment needs of any specific person, and are solely for educational purposes only.

From time to time, the Content Creator, its affiliates, its partners, and its third-party contributors and sponsors or its affiliates may hold positions or other interests in securities mentioned in the Blog, Podcast, and any material (digital or physical) and may trade for their own account(s) based on the information presented. The Content Creator may also take positions inconsistent with the views expressed in its messages on the Blog.

The Content Creator, its affiliates, its partners, and its third-party contributors and sponsors, its affiliates, its partners, and its third-party contributors and sponsors may hold licenses with FINRA, MAS, the SEC or states securities authorities and these licenses may or may not be disclosed by the Content Creator in the Blog, Podcast, and any material (digital or physical) .

Investing in the investments discussed in the Blog, Podcast, and any material (digital or physical) may be risky and speculative. The companies may have limited operating histories, little available public information, and the stocks they issue may be volatile and illiquid. Trading in such securities can result in immediate and substantial losses of the capital invested. You should use invest risk capital, and not capital required for other purposes, such as retirement savings, student loans, mortgages or education.

The Blog, Podcast, and any material (digital or physical) may be temporarily unavailable from time to time for maintenance or other reasons. The Content Creator, its affiliates, its partners, and its third-party contributors and sponsors assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, the Blog. The Content Creator, its affiliates, its partners, and its third-party contributors and sponsors is not responsible for any technical malfunction or other problems of any telephone network or service, computer systems, servers or providers, computer or mobile phone equipment, or software occurring for any reason, including but not limited to, on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any site or with respect to the Blog, Podcast, and any material (digital or physical) or combination thereof, including injury or damage to any person's computer, mobile phone, or other hardware or software, related to or resulting from using or downloading Content Creators’ content in connection with the Web and/or in connection with the Blog, Podcast, and any material (digital or physical). Under no circumstances will the Content Creator, its affiliates, its partners, and its third-party contributors and sponsors be responsible for any loss or damage, including any personal injury or death, resulting from anyone's use of the Blog, or any interactions between the Content Creator, its affiliates, its partners, and its third-party contributors and sponsors and readers of the Blog, whether online or offline.

The Blog, Podcast, and any material (digital or physical) may provide information from or links to certain brokerage companies for your convenience only. TheContent Creator, its affiliates, its partners, and its third-party contributors and sponsors does not endorse or recommend the services of any brokerage company. The brokerage company you select (and not the Content Creator, its affiliates, its partners, and its third-party contributors and sponsors) is solely responsible for its services to you.

THE CONTENT CREATOR, ITS AFFILIATES, AND PARTNERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR COSTS OF ANY TYPE ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES OF ANY BROKERAGE COMPANY. THE BLOG, PODCAST, AND ANY MATERIAL (DIGITAL OR PHYSICAL), AND THE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND THE CONTENT CREATOR, ITS PARTNERS AND AFFILIATES, DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE AND MERCHANTABILITY, IF APPLICABLE, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE CONTENT CREATOR CANNOT GUARANTEE AND DOES NOT PROMISE ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS FROM USE OF THE BLOG. THE CONTENT CREATOR DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT SOFTWARE, CONTENT OR MATERIALS ON THE BLOG OR ELSEWHERE ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE BLOG OR ANY OF THE SERVERS USED TO OPERATE THE BLOG ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THEREFORE, YOU SHOULD EXERCISE CAUTION IN THE USE AND DOWNLOADING OF ANY CONTENT OR MATERIALS AND USE INDUSTRY-RECOGNIZED SOFTWARE TO DETECT AND DISINFECT VIRUSES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE OBTAIN CONTENT, DATA OR OTHER MATERIAL FROM OR THROUGH THE SERVICE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR USE THEREOF AND ANY DAMAGES TO YOUR MOBILE DEVICE OR COMPUTER SYSTEM, LOSS OF DATA OR OTHER HARM OF ANY KIND THAT MAY RESULT.

The Content Creator, its affiliates, its partners, and its third-party contributors and sponsors reserves the right to change any and all Blog, Podcast, and any material (digital or physical) content, software and other items used or contained in the Blog, Podcast, and any material (digital or physical) at any time without notice. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof, or any affiliation therewith, by the Content Creator, its affiliates, its partners, and its third-party contributors and sponsors.

Limitation on Liability

IN NO EVENT WILL THE CONTENT CREATOR, ITS AFFILIATES, PARTNERS, MEMBERS, MANAGERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE BLOG, PODCAST, AND ANY MATERIAL (DIGITAL OR PHYSICAL), OR ANY OF THE CONTENT OR OTHER MATERIALS ON, ACCESSED THROUGH OR DOWNLOADED FROM THE BLOG, PODCAST, AND ANY MATERIAL (DIGITAL OR PHYSICAL), EVEN IF THE CONTENT CREATOR OR ITS AFFILIATES, PARTNERS, MEMBERS, MANAGERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS IS AWARE OR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, THE LIABILITY OF THE CONTENT CREATOR AND ITS AFFILIATES, PARTNERS, MEMBERS, MANAGERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER, AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO THE CONTENT CREATOR FOR THE BLOG, PODCAST, AND ANY MATERIAL (DIGITAL OR PHYSICAL)IN THE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING TWELVE MONTHS, BUT IN NO CASE WILL SUCH LIABILITY TO YOU EXCEED $1. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT IF NO FEES ARE PAID TO THE CONTENT CREATOR FOR THE BLOG, PODCAST, AND ANY MATERIAL (DIGITAL OR PHYSICAL), YOU SHALL BE LIMITED TO INJUNCTIVE RELIEF ONLY, UNLESS OTHERWISE PERMITTED BY LAW, AND SHALL NOT BE ENTITLED TO DAMAGES OF ANY KIND FROM THE CONTENT CREATOR, REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION.

CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.

Hypothetical computer simulated performance results are believed to be accurately presented. However, they are not guaranteed as to accuracy or completeness and are subject to change without any notice. Hypothetical or simulated performance results have certain inherent limitations. Unlike an actual performance record, simulated results do not represent actual trading. Since, also, the trades have not actually been executed; the results may have been under or over compensated for the impact, if any, of certain market factors such as liquidity, slippage and commissions. Simulated trading programs in general are also subject to the fact that they are designed with the benefit of hindsight. No representation is being made that any portfolio will, or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. All investments and trades carry risks.

Investments of any sort involve risk and are not suitable for all investors.